EMPLOYEE( empno, name, deptno,job,hiredate, sal , commission, dob, city, phone)  
DEPARTMENT( deptno, dname, manager,loc) 
SALARY( eno, basic,HR,DA,tax) 
Write equivalent SQL for the following query. (Use foreign key to join the tables.)  

1) Get the name and city of the employee working for the accounting department? 
2) Get the name, department name of all the employees whose pay is greater than 10000. 
3) Get the name of the employee in ascending and descending order. 
4) Update the city of the employee no.2 from Mumbai to Delhi. 
5) Get the sum of the basic salary of the employees belongs to Delhi city. 
6) Get the details of the highest income tax payee. 
7) Which employee is the senior most? 
8) Give the details of second highest salary employee (without use of ?<? operator) 
9) Give the details of second highest salary employee (without use of max and limit operator) 
10) Give the details of second highest salary employee (with the use of MINUS operator) 
11) Give the details of all employees of 6th highest salary ( or nth highest salary) 
12) How many clerks are there in the company? 
13) Which department has exactly one employee as clerk? 
14) Which department has the highest number of clerks? Show the deptno and count. 
15) How many employees are there in each department? 
16) List the lowest salary for different jobs used in a company and list them in descending order. 
17) Which department average salary is the lowest among all? Show the deptno,average salary. 
18) List the minimum, maximum and average salary for each job 
19) Compute the difference between maximum and minimum salary 
20) List the names of the employees whose name contains LA. 
21) List the names of the employees whose joining date is between 2nd April,1981 and 8th Sept,1981. 
22) How many different job titles exist in the employee table? 
23) Compute the sum of all salaries of employee working under deptno=30. 
24) For each salesman in the emp table retrieve the deptno and department name. 
25) List the names of all the employees with their name of the manager. 
26) List all employees who are working in department located at CHICAGO. 
27) List all the employees who are working in same department as their managers. 
28) Retrieve all the employees who are working in deptno=10 and who earn salary atleast as much as any employee working in deptno=30. 
29) List all the department who have no employees 
30) Delete the EC department.
  
NOTE: Each table name end with your roll no. e.g. roll no is 11CSS23 then table name should be Employee123.